adding info about kytos (#5)
hackinsdn/hackinsdn.github.io: en/containment-filtering.md

# Intelligent Containment and Filtering

![Containment and filtering logo](/assets/img/containment-filtering-logo.png){:.centered}

> The function of the Intelligent Containment and Filtering module is the mitigation of attacks identified by other modules, or in response to a direct API request from the Network Orchestrator. In this context, containment and filtering can be discussed as two techniques of attack mitigation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intelligent Containment and Filtering module aims to provide means for mitigating attacks identified by other modules or in response to a direct API request from the Network Orchestrator. In this context, containment and filtering can be discussed as two techniques of attack mitigation. 
```
